ops-name-color: '9'
nickname-prefix: '*'
max-nick-length: 16
allowed-nicks-regex: '^[a-zA-Z_0-9]+$'
nick-blacklist: []
ignore-colors-in-max-nick-length: true
hide-displayname-in-vanish: true
change-displayname: true
change-tab-complete-name: true
change-playerlist: true
teleport-safety: true
force-disable-teleport-safety: false
teleport-passenger-dismount: true
teleport-cooldown: 5
teleport-delay: 3
teleport-invulnerability: 4
teleport-to-center: true
heal-cooldown: 60
remove-effects-on-heal: true
near-radius: 100
item-spawn-blacklist: null
permission-based-item-spawn: false
spawnmob-limit: 10
warn-on-smite: true
drop-items-if-full: true
notify-no-new-mail: true
notify-player-of-mail-cooldown: 60
overridden-commands: []
disabled-commands:
  - god
  - fly
  - speed
  - heal
  - feed
  - repair
  - ptime
  - pweather
  - eco
  - sell
  - balance
  - balancetop
  - pay
  - item
  - give
  - spawnmob
  - enchant
  - clearinventory
verbose-command-usages: true
socialspy-commands:
  - action
  - describe
  - eaction
  - edescribe
  - email
  - eme
  - emsg
  - er
  - ereply
  - etell
  - ewhisper
  - m
  - mail
  - msg
  - pm
  - r
  - reply
  - t
  - tell
  - w
  - whisper
socialspy-listen-muted-players: true
socialspy-messages: true
socialspy-uses-displaynames: true
world-change-fly-reset: true
world-change-preserve-flying: true
world-change-speed-reset: true
mute-commands: []
use-bukkit-permissions: true
kit-auto-equip: false
pastebin-createkit: false
use-nbt-serialization-in-createkit: false
enabledSigns:
  - color
  - mail
sign-use-per-second: 4
allow-old-id-signs: false
unprotected-sign-names: []
backup:
  interval: 1440
  always-run: true
  command: null
per-warp-permission: true
list:
  Players: '*'
real-names-on-list: false
debug: false
locale: pt_BR
per-player-locale: false
message-colors:
  primary: '#55aaff'
  secondary: '#eeeeee'
remove-god-on-disconnect: true
auto-afk: 300
auto-afk-kick: -1
freeze-afk-players: false
disable-item-pickup-while-afk: true
cancel-afk-on-interact: true
cancel-afk-on-move: true
cancel-afk-on-chat: true
sleep-ignores-afk-players: true
sleep-ignores-vanished-player: true
afk-list-name: none
broadcast-afk-message: true
death-messages: true
vanishing-items-policy: keep
binding-items-policy: keep
send-info-after-death: true
allow-silent-join-quit: true
custom-join-message: none
custom-quit-message: none
custom-new-username-message: none
use-custom-server-full-message: true
hide-join-quit-messages-above: -1
no-god-in-worlds: []
world-teleport-permissions: false
default-stack-size: -1
oversized-stacksize: 64
repair-enchanted: true
unsafe-enchantments: false
tree-command-range-limit: 300
register-back-in-listener: false
login-attack-delay: 5
max-walk-speed: 0.8
max-fly-speed: 0.8
mails-per-minute: 1000
max-mute-time: -1
max-tempban-time: -1
last-message-reply-recipient: true
last-message-reply-recipient-timeout: 180
last-message-reply-vanished: false
milk-bucket-easter-egg: true
send-fly-enable-on-join: true
world-time-permissions: false
command-cooldowns:
  home: 60
  tpa: 60
  warp: 60
command-cooldown-persistence: true
npcs-in-balance-ranking: false
allow-bulk-buy-sell: true
allow-selling-named-items: false
delay-motd: 0
default-enabled-confirm-commands: []
teleport-when-freed: back
jail-online-time: false
tpa-accept-cancellation: 120
tpa-max-requests: 5
allow-direct-hat: true
allow-world-in-broadcastworld: true
safe-usermap-names: true
log-command-block-commands: true
max-projectile-speed: 8
max-itemlore-lines: 10
update-check: true
update-bed-at-daytime: true
world-home-permissions: false
sethome-multiple:
  default: 1
  vip: 3
  mvp: 5
compass-towards-home-perm: false
spawn-if-no-home: true
confirm-home-overwrite: true
starting-balance: 0
command-costs: {  }
currency-symbol: ''
currency-symbol-suffix: false
max-money: 0
min-money: 0
economy-log-enabled: false
economy-log-update-enabled: false
minimum-pay-amount: 0.01
pay-excludes-ignore-list: false
show-zero-baltop: false
baltop-requirements:
  minimum-balance: 0
  minimum-playtime: 0
non-ess-in-help: true
hide-permissionless-help: true
chat:
  radius: 0
  format: '{DISPLAYNAME}&7: &r{MESSAGE}'
  group-formats: {  }
  world-aliases: {  }
  shout-default: false
  persist-shout: false
  question-enabled: true
  paper-chat-events: true
protect:
  prevent:
    lava-flow: false
    water-flow: false
    water-bucket-flow: false
    fire-spread: true
    lava-fire-spread: true
    flint-fire: false
    portal-creation: false
    tnt-explosion: false
    creeper-explosion: false
    creeper-blockdamage: true
    enderdragon-blockdamage: true
    enderman-pickup: false
    villager-death: false
    bed-explosion: false
    zombie-door-break: false
    ravager-thief: false
    sheep-eat-grass: false
    spawn:
      creeper: false
      skeleton: false
      spider: false
      zombie: false
      slime: false
      ghast: false
      pig_zombie: false
      enderman: false
      cave_spider: false
      silverfish: false
      blaze: false
      magma_cube: false
      wither: false
      phantom: false
  disable:
    fall: false
    pvp: false
    drown: false
    suffocate: false
    lavadmg: false
    projectiles: false
    contactdmg: false
    firedmg: false
    lightning: false
    wither: false
    weather:
      storm: false
      thunder: false
      lightning: false
    build: true
    use: true
    warn-on-build-disallow: true
  alert:
    on-placement: null
    on-use: null
    on-break: null
  blacklist:
    placement: null
    usage: null
    break: null
    piston: null
    dispenser: null
newbies:
  announce-format: '&dBem-vindo(a) {DISPLAYNAME}&d ao servidor!'
  spawnpoint: newbies
  kit: tools
respawn-listener-priority: high
spawn-join-listener-priority: high
respawn-at-home: true
respawn-at-home-bed: true
respawn-at-anchor: true
random-spawn-location: none
random-respawn-location: none
spawn-on-join: false
